.18 I forget, things like Eyewitness functionality brought back, ipsearch depricated due to bing. Other goodies
.17 removed ambiguouse $ sign at the end of the url link to download api key
.16 Removed NSE scripts for nmap. found the nmap bug and adjusted the hosts file back to allhosts. Added eyewitness and ipsearch.py for vhosts. fixed ambiguouse flag handling. Created install scrits for Kali users by running -u
.15 Moved parse option from --p to --parse. Removed Nikto option due to unavoidable bugs and limitations. Changed the shared scanning logic issues that were created from parallel scanning additions. IPs passed on CMD no longer processes through ping discovery. Discovery no longer processes through exclude file. Nmap scan uses native exclude operands. nmap temporarily always pulls from ips file and not host discovered file due to bug in nmaps rDNS lookup from FQDN on some systems.
.14 Fixed --nbt, added Phase_Parse back in <--p> and added colored outputs. Added Nikto to scan approved hosts.
.13 Fundamental rewrite to utilize parallel processing of scans. Parse option is gone at this time until a new way is developed to handle the new output format..12 Added individual ip and CID discovery scanning from CLI. Adjusted launch interpretation logic to prevent user from frustrated results with malformed inputs.
.11 bug fixes
.9 Cleaned Phase_Blaster -p output up a little bit more.
.8 Moved whois_around and Phase_Parse into Phase_Blaster with flaggs -nbt -p. Updataed Nessus parse option with standalone flag -nessus and included address sanity checks via exclude file before populating list.
.7 added some clean up reports to Phas_Phase
Merged additional scripts into one with flags
03-15-15 added breakout scrip additions Phase_Parse and whois_Around
.6 Added ip class B to C enumeration capability. Added entire new level of host discovery logic and scanning. Added discovery output files for 3rd party application importing. Improved clean up. Fixed all the bugs.
.5 Fixed msf output for CID compliant entries. Added a better organization to .xml file placement for msf input. Greatly improved follow along functionality during scanning progress. Added output host file for easy Nessus implementation. Added a class alteration script.
.4 fixed typos
.3 other bug fix "msf output file"
.2 Bug fix "Directory enumeration bug"
.1 Initial release
